A man Luna here.
Let's say I want to get this
ID here out of the path.
How do I do that?
Well, let me introduce you to your friend.
Use params, so go to details.jsx,
at the top here import Use params.
You see use here, you should be thinking,
this is a hook because it is,
let me introduce you to this magic.
Const id equals use params, there you go.
And now, Replace high with id.
Look at that, it's correct.
All right, so
I'm clicking into all these pages and
it's given me the correct ID for all
the various different pets I'm looking at.
How?
Magic non stop magic.
It's something called context.
You and I are gonna do it
directly here in just a second.
But basically what's happening
is you have App.jsx here we put
this browser router component
around our application,
which is making this thing called context
available to components underneath it.
So it's basically passing it into
this like sides store of data.
And then when I come back over to details,
when I say use params like,
okay, I assume that a browser
router is available.
So I'm going to reach
into a browser router and
pull out something called the id.
And that's where this id comes from.
It's coming from that browser
router component in the app.jsx.
That makes sense?
So in other words if you delete this,
let's just do it for
fun, Yeah.
I'm just gonna make this a div for
a second.
So now if I refresh the page,
it's gonna say, hey,
you're trying to use routes and
stuff like that with a bunch of set.
It would basically give you an error.
It has given me a lot of errors because,
a lot of this stuff actually depends
on browser router being there.
But use params does not work
without a browser router to
provide it with the information.
That's my point there.
Use params here gets the id from
the browser router which it got from here.
>> Which we can see in
the dev tools is it?
>> Yep, should be able to see
them the dev tools as well.
Components, I mean,
you can see all of the indirection that
this is all coming from browser router.
So if I look at details,
which I'm indeed we should,
results app browser,
I don't know what's going on there.
So details, here we go.
Props, params you can see that
it's getting this from context.
The context is getting this from matches,
matches has this zero one,
the params is here.
So, that's another useful tool for finding
out where's this information coming from?
One more thing here let's make this
a clickable link here at the top.
So import a link up here at the top
as well from React Router DOM.
And we're just gonna give it a header and
a link two slash adopt me.
And now I got this nice little link here
at the top that I can click on to go home.
Which is kind of the behavior you expect,
right?
If you're getting a use-hreflang error,
that's one that I've seen before.
Just make sure that the header
is inside a browser router
That's 80% of what makes react router
useful that I've just shown you here.
There's other stuff for sure, but
it's for basic client side routing.